React Capstone (#1)
K0ppai/dota2_heros: README.md

  npm install --save-dev stylelint@13.x stylelint-scss@3.x stylelint-config-standard@21.x stylelint-csstree-validator@1.x
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```
  npm run start
```

### Run tests

To run tests after setting up the linters, run the following command:

```sh
  npx eslint "**/*.{js,jsx}" --fix
```
```sh
  npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" --fix
```
For tests, run:

```sh
  npm run test
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Paing Soe Thu**

- GitHub: [@K0ppai](https://github.com/K0ppai)
- Twitter: [@_koppai_](https://twitter.com/_koppai_)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/paingsoe-thu)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Mobile Responsiveness]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

> Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
> 
> Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).
> 
> <p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
> 
> <!-- SUPPORT -->

Reviewer: - [ ] Please kindly fix this broken link for your README file to be engaging and professional. 👍 

```suggestion
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/K0ppai/dota2_heros/issues).
```

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, don't forget to give it a ⭐️!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to give credit to the original designer of the layout [Nelson Sakwa](https://www.behance.net/sakwadesignstudio) and [dota2.com](https://www.dota2.com/home) for the images and design.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

> 

Reviewer: - [ ] Please kindly fix this broken link for your README file to be engaging and professional. 👍 **Perhaps you need to create a LICENSE file or you link it with MIT.md that is in  your project directory**
